hi guys what's up welcome back to my
channel we have sesame joining us for
today's video which is going to be all
about
motivation and how to get motivated when
you don't feel motivated when you feel
least motivated
and if you're excited about this topic
please give this video a like subscribe
and let's jump into it i
last week shared a tip that i've been
using a little hack
for motivation and mindset i've been
using my whole life like for years that
works really well for me
and i woke up the next day to a ton of
dms from you guys and
everyone in the community short girl
gang saying like i implemented this it
was crazy
i'm gonna start using this this is
awesome so i wanted to make a little bit
more of an in-depth video about it it'll
still be brief it's really easy to
implement anyone can do it
and this is what you're going to do when
you feel least motivated to work out on
the days where you're like
bargaining with yourself you know like
it's the end of a long day maybe you
want to
like go for a run or something or
strength train and you don't
feel like it so you start bargaining
with yourself you're like oh i'll just
like eat less for dinner
or i'll work out in the morning right
i'll do it i'll start monday like it's
like when you start getting into that
mindset of like i'll do it later
this is when this hack is gonna help the
most
so let's jump into it so
this is very simple like i said anyone
can do it the
hack is that whenever you feel least
motivated to work out
what i want you to do is stop
thinking about doing it and i want you
to just like
what whatever you're doing at the time
if you're laying down that's usually
what i'm doing i'm like it's like the
end of the day
i'm like laying on the couch i'm
thinking about food or something i'm
like
doing i'm like doing little tasks to put
off doing cardio if i
do strength in the morning i'll maybe
sometimes do cardio later in the day
i'll just be you know doing anything but
working out and just thinking about how
i need to do it it's giving me like
anxiety right like
let me know in the comments if it gives
you anxiety when you keep putting
something off and off
i want you in these moments to just stop
it's almost like have a blank mind
and just walk towards your workout
clothes and just start to
put yourself in the position that you
need to be in
in order to exercise so this is what it
looks like for me i
literally usually it's cardio that i
don't want to do you guys know i don't
love cardio but i still do it for my
health
i go over to my peloton bike and i start
adjusting the bike
because gary has it on like the highest
level settings because he's so tall so i
start i just i'm not even thinking
mindless i'm
i'm and i'm not on the bike yet i'm not
working out yet i'm not thinking like oh
i have to this i'm just oh i'm just
setting up the bike like that's all i'm
gonna do i'm just gonna set up the bike
i'm not like
maybe i'm not gonna work out right i'm
just setting up the bike lower the seat
like lower the handles
and then i put on i get out of my work
clothes or whatever like work clothes
today are like pjs so i get
my pjs just being real and put on my
workout clothes
i'm not yet thinking about anything like
removing thought from this process and
emotion
is important and just start taking the
steps that you need to
to physically dump yourself in the
location you would need to be to work
out
so my goal in that moment is just okay
get in my workout
clothes sometimes it's my pajamas also
like
literally whatever you need to do like
get your workout clothes on i start to
put on my
shoes and then i just sit on my pelton i
just sit down on it
just put yourself in the place the
physical place is really important put
yourself in a physical location
that you need to be in order to succeed
and you will it is that simple because
once you get there
you're like well what am i gonna do now
right like obviously i'm gonna cycle
if you need to get to the gym if you're
still working out at the gym
then once you're in the gym what are you
gonna do right like there's nothing to
do here i'm gonna work out
or if you work out at home it's the same
thing like me my peloton is actually
next to
it's in our bedroom because that's the
only place it fits in our new york
apartments
and so it's not like i'm traveling
anywhere far
but it's a mindset so just put on your
cloud
out close hop on and when you're there
once you put yourself in a position you
need to to succeed you will
succeed it is really that simple i swear
to god you guys
try this out let me know how it goes in
the comments let me know if you've used
this before
this never fails me because it doesn't
rely on motivation to take this action
you don't need to have some crazy amount
of motivation to get it done
you just have to remove your thought
from the starting process
okay and if you work out at home right
now so like what if you're like
i've had someone ask me this on
instagram yesterday they were like
i don't need to go anywhere to work out
right i just work out in my house so
it's like i can't even get in that
mindset yes you can
yes you definitely can all you need to
do is put on your workout clothes
and then go to that little corner of
your apartment or your house where you
normally do your at-home workouts okay
and once you're there you've already put
on your workout clothes the weights are
sitting in front of you
what are you going to do right like are
you going to literally change your
are you going to go do something else
probably not you're probably
100 of the time like 99.9 percent time
you're gonna just
start and then once you get into it you
start having fun you start feeling good
the endorphins start flowing and
you don't need like any you don't even
want to quit you're like i'm like having
a good time now so really the hardest
thing about exercise and motivation is
getting started
if you can just stop putting that
pressure on yourself to feel motivated
all the time and just take action just
don't think put yourself in the physical
location to have success
this tip works you guys and i want you
to try it out
one other hack for motivation hack kind
of number two
is to if you are in that bargaining
moment with yourself make a rule for
yourself that if you start to bargain
with yourself
that you will commit to at least doing
the warm-up
or like the first two sets of your
workout and if you don't
feel good still you can quit because
99.9 of the time you're gonna get
through the warm-up and then actually
want to work out
so that's another alternative route you
can try if the first one doesn't work
but whatever you do try one of them
i use them all the time i have not
missed a workout
in a really long time i can't even
remember and
let me know in the comments how it goes
and yeah this is just meant to be a
quick short video to give you
a little coaching a little hack to
improve your life right now i know it's
like the winter it can be kind of a hard
time to find motivation so
don't look for motivation just do this
instead and let me know how it goes and
if you found this helpful please give it
a like
subscribe for more content tailored to
petite women health fitness wellness all
this stuff and
if you like the idea of shorter videos
that are just like quick motivation
hacks or like
quick fixes i mean not quick fixes right
this is
gonna help you in the long term but if
you like this idea let me know give this
video a like i can do more like quick
videos help you get some quick wins
that's ultimately what i want to do with
this channel is help you win on a daily
basis
help you build these long-term
sustainable habits all right you guys
hope you enjoyed this
i will see you next week and have a
great rest of your day
[Music]
bye
you